docs: improve README (#278)
i-am-bee/bee-agent-framework: README.md

<p align="center">
  <img align="cener" alt="Project Status: Alpha" src="https://img.shields.io/badge/Status-Alpha-red">

  <h4 align="center">Open-source framework for building, deploying, and serving powerful multi-agent workflows at scale.</h4>
</p>

> 🐝 **Bee Agent Framework** is an open-source TypeScript library for building **production-ready multi-agent systems**. Pick from a variety of [🌐 LLM providers](/docs/llms.md#providers-adapters), customize the [📜 prompt templates](/docs/templates.md), create [🤖 agents](/docs/agents.md), equip agents with pre-made [🛠️ tools](/docs/tools.md), join agents into [🤖🤝🤖 multi-agent workflows](/docs/workflows.md), and **make amazing AI-driven apps**! 🪄

Reviewer: > join agents into [🤖🤝🤖 multi-agent workflows](/docs/workflows.md)

maybe "orchestrate multi-agent workflows"?

> and **make amazing AI-driven apps**! 🪄

Given the latest team discussion, I don't know if we should highlight this

 
## Latest updates

- 🚀 **2025-01-09**:
  - Introduced [Workflows](/docs/workflows.md), a way of building multi-agent systems.
  - Added support for [Model Context Protocol](https://i-am-bee.github.io/bee-agent-framework/#/tools?id=using-the-mcptool-class), featured on the [official page](https://modelcontextprotocol.io/clients#bee-agent-framework).
- 🚀 **2024-12-09**: Added support for [LLaMa 3.3](https://huggingface.co/meta-llama/Llama-3.3-70B-Instruct).
- 🚀 **2024-11-21**: Added an experimental [Streamlit agent](https://github.com/i-am-bee/bee-agent-framework/blob/main/src/agents/experimental/streamlit/agent.ts).

For a full changelog, see the [releases page](https://github.com/i-am-bee/bee-agent-framework/releases).

## Why pick Bee?

- ⚔️  **Battle-tested.** Bee Agent Framework is at the core of [BeeAI](https://iambee.ai), a powerful platform for building chat assistants and custom AI-powered apps. BeeAI is in a closed beta, but already used by hundreds of users. And it's [fully open-source](https://github.com/i-am-bee/bee-ui) too!

> - 🔋 **Batteries included.** Not everything about developing AI apps is exciting. In an actual product, you have to reduce token spend through [memory strategies](/docs/memory.md), store and restore the agent state through [(de)serialization](/docs/serialization.md), generate [structured output](/examples/llms/structured.ts), or execute generated code in a [sandboxed environment](https://github.com/i-am-bee/bee-code-interpreter). Leave all that to Bee and focus on building your app!

Reviewer: Not sure if I get the analogy here, this used to be where we referred to production-grade capabilities?

Reviewer: specifically regarding "batteries included"

- 🤗 **Built for open-source models.** Pick any LLM you want – including small and open-source models. The framework is designed to perform robustly with [Granite](https://www.ibm.com/granite/docs/) and [Llama 3.x](https://huggingface.co/meta-llama/Llama-3.3-70B-Instruct). A full agentic workflow can run on your laptop!
- 😢 **Bee cares about the sad path too.** Real-world applications encounter errors and failures. Bee lets you observe the full agent workflow through [events](/docs/emitter.md), collect [telemetry](/docs/instrumentation.md), [log](/docs/logger.md) diagnostic data, and throws clear and well-defined [exceptions](/docs/errors.md). Bees may be insects, but not bugs!

> - 🌳 **A part of something greater.** Bee isn't just a framework, but a full ecosystem. Use [Bee UI](https://github.com/i-am-bee/bee-ui) to chat with your agents visually. [Bee Observe](https://github.com/i-am-bee/bee-observe) collects and manages telemetry. [Bee Code Interpreter](https://github.com/i-am-bee/bee-code-interpreter) runs generated code safely in a secure sandbox. Or skip the framework altogether: create a chat assistant in our hosted app, [BeeAI](https://iambee.ai) (or [deploy your own instance](https://github.com/i-am-bee/bee-api)), and use it through the HTTP API or our OpenAI-compatible [Python SDK](https://github.com/i-am-bee/bee-python-sdk).

Reviewer: I wonder here if we should more explicitly call out MCP and our strategy to play within the AI ecosystem.
Also maybe we remove the reference to bee-api as we are moving to code-defined agents? @matoushavlena

- 😢 **Bee cares about the sad path too.** Real-world applications encounter errors and failures. Bee lets you observe the full agent workflow through [events](/docs/emitter.md), collect [telemetry](/docs/instrumentation.md), [log](/docs/logger.md) diagnostic data, and throws clear and well-defined [exceptions](/docs/errors.md). Bees may be insects, but not bugs!
- 🌳 **A part of something greater.** Bee isn't just a framework, but a full ecosystem. Use [Bee UI](https://github.com/i-am-bee/bee-ui) to chat with your agents visually. [Bee Observe](https://github.com/i-am-bee/bee-observe) collects and manages telemetry. [Bee Code Interpreter](https://github.com/i-am-bee/bee-code-interpreter) runs generated code safely in a secure sandbox. Or skip the framework altogether: create a chat assistant in our hosted app, [BeeAI](https://iambee.ai) (or [deploy your own instance](https://github.com/i-am-bee/bee-api)), and use it through the HTTP API or our OpenAI-compatible [Python SDK](https://github.com/i-am-bee/bee-python-sdk).

## Quick example

This example demonstrates how to build a multi-agent workflow using Bee Agent Framework:

```ts
import "dotenv/config";

> import { BAMChatLLM } from "bee-agent-framework/adapters/bam/chat";

Reviewer 2: We should use OllamaChatLLM

Reviewer 3: This has changed already.

import { UnconstrainedMemory } from "bee-agent-framework/memory/unconstrainedMemory";
import { createConsoleReader } from "examples/helpers/io.js";
import { OpenMeteoTool } from "bee-agent-framework/tools/weather/openMeteo";
import { WikipediaTool } from "bee-agent-framework/tools/search/wikipedia";
import { AgentWorkflow } from "bee-agent-framework/experimental/workflows/agent";
import { BaseMessage, Role } from "bee-agent-framework/llms/primitives/message";

const workflow = new AgentWorkflow();

workflow.addAgent({
  name: "WeatherForecaster",
  instructions: "You are a weather assistant. Respond only if you can provide a useful answer.",
  tools: [new OpenMeteoTool()],
  llm: BAMChatLLM.fromPreset("meta-llama/llama-3-1-70b-instruct"),
  execution: { maxIterations: 3 },
});

workflow.addAgent({
  name: "Researcher",
  instructions: "You are a researcher assistant. Respond only if you can provide a useful answer.",
  tools: [new WikipediaTool()],
  llm: BAMChatLLM.fromPreset("meta-llama/llama-3-1-70b-instruct"),
});

workflow.addAgent({
  name: "Solver",
  instructions:

>     "Your task is to provide the most useful final answer based on the assistants' responses which all are relevant. Ignore those where assistant do not know.",

Reviewer 2: Is the order of agents intentional? I would expect to start with researcher to find the capital and continue with forecaster.

Reviewer 3: This can be changed. @JanPokorny please try to use `<!-- embedme PATH -->` to automatically reflect upcoming changes.

> const workflow = new AgentWorkflow();
> 
> workflow.addAgent({
>   name: "WeatherForecaster",
>   instructions: "You are a weather assistant. Respond only if you can provide a useful answer.",
>   tools: [new OpenMeteoTool()],
>   llm: BAMChatLLM.fromPreset("meta-llama/llama-3-1-70b-instruct"),
>   execution: { maxIterations: 3 },
> });
> 
> workflow.addAgent({
>   name: "Researcher",
>   instructions: "You are a researcher assistant. Respond only if you can provide a useful answer.",
>   tools: [new WikipediaTool()],
>   llm: BAMChatLLM.fromPreset("meta-llama/llama-3-1-70b-instruct"),
> });
> 
> workflow.addAgent({
>   name: "Solver",
>   instructions:
>     "Your task is to provide the most useful final answer based on the assistants' responses which all are relevant. Ignore those where assistant do not know.",
>   llm: BAMChatLLM.fromPreset("meta-llama/llama-3-1-70b-instruct"),
> });

Reviewer 2: Not sure what's more readable. Just proposing as in idea.

```suggestion
const llm = OllamaChatLLM.fromPreset("meta-llama/llama-3-1-70b-instruct");

const weatherForecaster = new Agent({
  name: "WeatherForecaster",
  instructions: "You are a weather assistant. Respond only if you can provide a useful answer.",
  tools: [new OpenMeteoTool()],
  llm
});

const researcher = new Agent({
  name: "Researcher",
  instructions: "You are a researcher assistant. Respond only if you can provide a useful answer.",
  tools: [new WikipediaTool()],
  llm
});

const solver = new Agent({
  name: "Solver",
  instructions:
    "Your task is to provide the most useful final answer based on the assistants' responses which all are relevant. Ignore those where assistant do not know.",
  llm
});

const workflow = new AgentWorkflow()
  .addAgent(weatherForecaster)
  .addAgent(researcher)
  .addAgent(solver);
```

Author: Setting the name is more complicated that way, the `BeeAgent` constructor does not actually accept it, it's hardcoded to `"Bee"`. That's something w need to improve, but in the meantime let's stick with the current version
